CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS cookies_recipe (
    `Type` VARCHAR(7) CHARACTER SET utf8,
    `Name` VARCHAR(23) CHARACTER SET utf8,
    `Ingredients` VARCHAR(131) CHARACTER SET utf8,
    `Directions` VARCHAR(412) CHARACTER SET utf8
);
INSERT INTO cookies_recipe VALUES
    ('Cookies','Chocolate Chip Cookies ','flour, butter, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, salt, baking soda, chocolate chips. ','Mix butter and sugar with an electric mixer. Add eggs in one at a time. Stir in the vanilla Extract. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt. Pour the dry ingredients into the bowl with the wet ingredients and combine. Pour in the chocolate chips. Create 1-inch balls from the dough and put them on a baking pan with a cookie baking sheet. Bake at 350˚ for 8-10 min'),
    ('Cookies','Sugar Cookies','flour, butter, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, salt, baking powder.','Mix butter and sugar with an electric mixer. Add eggs in one at a time. Stir in the vanilla Extract. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt. Pour the dry ingredients into the bowl with the wet ingredients and combine. Pour in the chocolate chips. Create 1-inch balls from the dough and put them on a baking pan with a cookie baking sheet. Bake at 350˚ for 8-10 min'),
    ('Cookies','Snickerdoodle Cookies','flour, butter, white sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon,  nutmeg, eggs, vanilla extract, salt, baking soda. ','Mix butter and both sugars with an electric mixer. Add eggs in one at a time. Stir in the vanilla Extract. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt. Pour the dry ingredients into the bowl with the wet ingredients and combine. Create 1-inch balls from the dough and dip into a bowl of cinnamon sugar to coat. Then, put them on a baking pan with a cookie baking sheet. Bake at 350˚ for 8-10 min'),
    ('Cookies','Shortbread Cookies','butter, sugar, flour, vanila extract.','Combine butter and sugar with an electric mixer. Stir in the vanilla extract. Pour in the flour and mix. Make shortbread cookies into desired shape and place on baking pan. Bake at 350˚ for 10-12 min. '),
    ('Cookies','Oatmeal Raisin Cookies','vegetable shortening, butter, brown sugar, white sugar, flour, vanilla extract, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, oatmeal oats, raisins.','Mix vegetable shortening and butter in a bowl. Then, add the sugars and eggs. Add in the vanilla. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, salt, cinnamon, and baking soda. Slowly pour in the dry ingredients into the bowl with the wet ingredients and mix well. Stir in the oats and the raisins. Roll the dough into tiny balls and place on baking sheet. Bake at 375˚ for 10-12 min.'),
    ('Cookies','Peanut Butter Cookies','flour, butter, white sugar, brown sugar, eggs, salt, baking soda, baking powder, peanut butter. ','Combine peanut butter, butter, and both sugars until creamy. Add the flour, baking powdr, baking soda, and salt. Put the dough in the fridge for 1 hour if desired. Roll dough into little balls and put on baking pan. Bake at 375˚ for 10 min.'),
    ('Cookies','Gingerbread Man Cookies','flour, ground ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, baking soda, butter, brown sugar, molasses, one egg, vanilla extract.','In a large bowl, mix the flour, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and baking soda. In another bowl, beat the brown sugar and butter. Add in the egg, molasses, and vanilla extract. Slowly add in the dry ingredients. Roll out dough into desired shape onto a baking sheet on a pan. Bake at 350˚ for 8-10 min.'),
    ('Cookies','Butter Cookies','butter, sugar, flour, vanila extract, salt, one egg.','Combine all ingredients into a bowl and mix well. Press dough onto the baking sheet and bake at 400˚ for 8-10 min.');
